ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/validators/GunProviderValidator.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.validators.GunProviderValidator
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/jpql/GunProviderJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.jpql.GunProviderJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/ClientRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.ClientRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/validators/ClientValidator.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.validators.ClientValidator
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GunTypeService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GunTypeService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/validators/Validator.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.validators.Validator
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/ClientService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.ClientService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/GunProvider.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.GunProvider
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.GunProvider$GunProviderBuilder
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Rental.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Rental
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Rental$RentalBuilder
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/GunTypeRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.GunTypeRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/GunTypeCustomRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.GunTypeCustomRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/config/CacheConfig.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.CacheConfig
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.CacheConfig$CustomRemovalListener
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/validators/GunTypeValidator.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.validators.GunTypeValidator
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/ClientCustomRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.ClientCustomRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/nativesql/GunTypeNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.nativesql.GunTypeNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/ClientGunPK.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.ClientGunPK
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/criteria/GunTypeCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.criteria.GunTypeCriteriaRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Client.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Client
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Client$ClientBuilder
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/nativesql/GunProviderNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.nativesql.GunProviderNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/utils/Pair.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.utils.Pair
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/exceptions/ValidatorException.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.exceptions.ValidatorException
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Address.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Address
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Address$AddressBuilder
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/Repository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.Repository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/CustomRepositorySupport.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.CustomRepositorySupport
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/ClientServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.ClientServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/GunProviderCustomRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.GunProviderCustomRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GunProviderServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GunProviderServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GunTypeServiceImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GunTypeServiceImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/Category.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.Category
ro/ubb/catalog/core/service/GunProviderService.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.service.GunProviderService
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/criteria/ClientCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.criteria.ClientCriteriaRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/exceptions/GunShopException.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.exceptions.GunShopException
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/nativesql/ClientNativeRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.nativesql.ClientNativeRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/jpql/GunTypeJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.jpql.GunTypeJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/jpql/ClientJPQLRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.jpql.ClientJPQLRepositoryImpl
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/GunProviderRepository.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.GunProviderRepository
ro/ubb/catalog/core/config/JPAConfig.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.config.JPAConfig
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/BaseEntity.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.BaseEntity
ro/ubb/catalog/core/model/GunType.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.GunType
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.model.GunType$GunTypeBuilder
ro/ubb/catalog/core/repository/criteria/GunProviderCriteriaRepositoryImpl.java
 ro.ubb.catalog.core.repository.criteria.GunProviderCriteriaRepositoryImpl
